Vault: update upgrade and snapshot documentation (#2129)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v1.19.x/content/docs/upgrade/index.mdx

1. **Use separate DNS or no DNS registration**. Do not register the instance in production DNS or service discovery. If you require name resolution, use a temporary hostname that clients will not query.

1. **Stop or disable automation that could reconnect the test server**. Pause auto-scaling, orchestration, configuration management, or monitoring actions that might reattach the host to production. Disable scripts that automatically restart Vault with production settings.

1. **Replace production-integrated configuration values**. Remove or override production listener addresses, storage settings, seal configuration, telemetry sinks, and audit destinations if they would connect outward. Point the restored instance only to test-safe resources.

1. **Restrict operator access paths**. Limit administration to a bastion host, VPN, or console session. Log who can access the isolated server during testing.

1. **Validate isolation before restore**. Test that production clients cannot connect to the instance. Confirm the instance cannot reach production peers, storage, KMS, or service endpoints.

Restore the snapshot once networking, configuration, and access controls are

> confirmed safe, and conduct functional testing with non-production users, tokens, and workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can confidently restore the snapshot once you:

- Confirm the safety of you network, configuration, and access controls.
- Conduct functional testing with non-production users, tokens, and workflows.
```
